Add warning against using admin as dex-auth username while running tests (#442)
canonical/bundle-kubeflow: README.md

1. Set up Kubernetes, Juju, and deploy the bundle you're interested in (`kubeflow` or
   `kubeflow-lite`) using the [installation guide](https://charmed-kubeflow.io/docs/install/). This
   must include populating the `.kube/config` file with your Kubernetes cluster as the active

>    context. Beware of using `admin` as the dex-auth static-username as it conflicts with the
>    `admin` kubernetes profile while running tests below

Reviewer: What do you think about...?
```suggestion
   context. Beware of using `admin` as the dex-auth static-username as the tests attempt
   to create a profile and `admin` conflicts with an existing default profile.
```

>    context. Beware of using `admin` as the dex-auth static-username as it conflicts with the
>    `admin` kubernetes profile while running tests below

Reviewer: What do you think about...?
```suggestion
   context. Beware of using `admin` as the dex-auth static-username as the tests attempt
   to create a profile and `admin` conflicts with an existing default profile.
```

Author: dupe of above
